fix(curriculum): description improvement case converter program (#54051)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657f43d341a0dd17120cdb08.md

# --description--

> You will need to to convert uppercase characters to lowercase and add an underscore before them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to convert uppercase characters to lowercase and add an underscore before them. 
```

# --description--

> You will need to convert uppercase characters to lowercase and add an underscore before them. Before proceeding, join all the elements of the list `snake_cased_char_list` into a single string using an empty string `''` as the separator.

Author: For this, I have added different steps as suggested earlier, if changes will be needed on the added steps then we will work on them too.

> The using the return statement, return an empty string `''` joined with `snake_cased_char_list` as the argument, and strip any leading or trailing underscores from the result.

Reviewer 2: Actually, I think, we could add join and strip at later steps and here just return `snake_cased_char_list`, so that it can be seen the actual output of the list comprehension

# --hints--

> You should return an empty string `''` joined with `snake_cased_char_list`, and ensure to strip any leading or trailing underscores. Ensure the indentation is correct.

Author: Have added 2 new steps one for the join method and the other for the strip method

# --description--

You will need to convert uppercase characters to lowercase and add an underscore before them. 

Before proceeding to work on the list comprehension, you're going to give your function a return value. In this way you'll be able to check the output.

> Using the the return statement, return the list `snake_cased_char_list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `return` statement to return the list `snake_cased_char_list` from your function.
```

# --description--

Inside the pair of square braces, you can describe the value that you would like to include in the list based on a given condition.

```py

> snake_cased_char_list = [

Reviewer 2: this needs to be expanded, this project really need a more comprehensive description of list comprehensions. It needs to go a bit deeper in the confusing mess that it is a list comprehension: it needs to mark the difference between just an expression, an if and an if/else, considering they need to be written in slighly different ways.

Author: Could you please provide some additional details on the areas where you feel further clarification is needed?

Author: So basically that's all the steps of the program?
